So I opened up my AWOS castle and from there if I go to functions under a AWOS Lamda and here we go
we have our Java lambda function.
And let's just go and check out the details.
And as you can see we have the proper policies applied and we could access as three cloud watch loads
from our Java lambda functions.
And so our job file is uploaded.
And as you can see it is indicating that we have our code our job package for our application for our
land the function.
We have a proper Java 8 runtime we have the proper handler for our method and we have everything in
place regarding execution roll and the memory and the timeout.
So we're basically deployed our Java lambda function to A W-S.
So to invoke these functions and work on these with versions aliases and much more.
I'll see on the next section.